docs: add deployment.rolling doc and blog (#3530)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/include/deployment.en.md

<div class="separator"></div>

<a id="deployment" href="#deployment" class="field">`deployment`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

> The deployment section contains parameters relating to the ECS deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment section contains parameters to control how many tasks run during the deployment and the ordering of stopping and starting tasks.
```

Author: That's specifically for this feature right 🤔 I feel like this parent field should carry broader meaning

Reviewer: I copied it from the ECS docs 🤣 https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/service_definition_parameters.html#sd-deploymentconfiguration but up to you boss

Author: lol that's fair

<span class="parent-field">deployment.</span><a id="deployment-rolling" href="#deployment-rolling" class="field">`rolling`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  
Rolling deployment strategy. Valid values are

> - default: Run new tasks before stopping all the old ones.
> - recreate: Stop all running tasks and then spin up new tasks.

Reviewer: Can you also mention the `minimumHealthyPercent` and `maxPercent` values set here 🥺 
```suggestion
- `'default'`: Creates new tasks as many as the desired count with the updated task definition, before stopping the old tasks. Under the hood, this translates to setting the [`minimumHealthyPercent`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/service_definition_parameters.html#minimumHealthyPercent) to 100 and [`maximumPercent`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/service_definition_parameters.html#maximumPercent) to 200.
- `'recreate'`: Stop all running tasks and then spin up new tasks. Under the hood, this translates to setting the [`minimumHealthyPercent`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/service_definition_parameters.html#minimumHealthyPercent) to 0 and [`maximumPercent`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/service_definition_parameters.html#maximumPercent) to 100.
```
